TRAILWEIGH — R0100 GS REPORT
ADD SUBTLE WEDGE SHADOWS ONLY

Agent mode used: POWER
Final status: REPLIT PASS / READY FOR USER IPHONE TEST
USER status: PENDING physical iPhone Safari visual verification
USER live-device evidence remains authoritative over Chromium and browser-review
results. The initial physical iPhone check found the narrower shadow
imperceptible. The final R0100 correction moves shadow rendering into the
transformed category-header content layer, above the white row background and
behind the real colored wedge; this build has not yet received a new USER PASS.

SCOPE
R0100 adds a cosmetic elevation effect to the colored category wedge surface on
/mobile-functional-v3. Following the failed physical iPhone Safari visual
check, correction #1 reused the Bottom Box Groups bar's exact broad, soft,
low-opacity shadow character, adapted toward the wedge's exposed right-hand
point. After the shadow remained absent on iPhone Safari, correction #2 moved
the visual shadow responsibility to a non-interactive decorative wedge sibling
outside the transformed SwipeDeleteRow content layer. The final correction
moved that same sibling into each category header so it is painted above the
white row background and behind the real wedge.

IMPLEMENTATION
- Correction #2: the real wedge button retains its existing clip path, size,
  color, icon, and interaction behavior but no longer owns the filter.
- Final correction: the same non-interactive sibling now lives inside the
  transformed category-header content layer, with local `z-index: 0`; the real
  wedge remains above it at local `z-index: 1`.
- The filter remains exactly `drop-shadow(3px 0 10px rgba(0,0,0,0.07))`,
  preserving the Bottom Box Groups bar's exact 3px offset, 10px blur, and 7%
  opacity without darkening the effect.
- Preserved the existing polygon clip path, 72px wedge width, row height,
  colors, icons, text, weights, and focus behavior.
- Preserved the existing full-row elevation and did not add or change shadow
  styling on unrelated controls.

FACTS
- Active route inspected: /mobile-functional-v3.
- The colored category wedge is the clipped primary accordion trigger.
- CSS filter drop-shadow is used on the decorative clipped sibling rather than
  the real button so the angled wedge point is included. The sibling now paints
  inside the transformed content layer, above its white background and below
  the button; the existing category-row and swipe overflow remain unchanged.
- The active wedge retains `boxShadow: 'none'` and `filter: 'none'`; the
  decorative sibling supplies the elevation.

PRESERVATION
- R0097 shell preserved: YES.
- R0098 wedge spacing preserved: YES — rendered category wedge gap remains 1px
  at all required viewports.
- R0099 Bottom Box Groups looping preserved: YES — forward, reverse, keyboard,
  swipe, and Home loop regression suite passes.
- No changes to AppBar, Summary, Filter, scrolling ownership, safe areas,
  footer layout, Bottom Box Groups composition, data, schema, auth,
  dependencies, or deployment.

TEST RESULTS
1. pnpm exec playwright test tests/e2e/phase1b/r0100-wedge-shadow.spec.ts
   --workers=1 --project=chromium
   PASS — 4/4 at 402×714, 402×754, 390×844, and 360×800.
2. pnpm exec playwright test
   tests/e2e/phase1b/r0099-bottom-group-loop.spec.ts
   --workers=1 --project=chromium
   PASS — 5/5.
3. pnpm exec playwright test
   tests/e2e/phase1b/r0097-appbar-safe-area.spec.ts
   tests/e2e/phase1b/r0098-wedge-spacing.spec.ts
   --workers=1 --project=chromium
   PASS — 11/11.
4. pnpm --filter @workspace/pack-checklist run typecheck
   PASS.
5. git diff --check
   PASS.
6. Standard Replit preview at 402×714
   PASS — AppBar, Summary, Filter, categories, wedge shadows, and locked
   Bottom Box Groups visibly render without horizontal overflow.

THREE STANDING REPLIT QUESTIONS
1. What did you learn from this task about the current TrailWeigh code/state that
   would help ChatGPT make future prompts more accurate or efficient?
   The active functional route uses a clipped 72px wedge button inside a 65px
   category row. The Bottom Box Groups bar's `0 -3px 10px rgba(0,0,0,0.07)`
   is the existing elevation reference; the final correction uses the same
   offset magnitude, blur, and opacity on a separate wedge-shaped sibling
   inside the transformed category-header content layer.

2. Was anything in this prompt unclear, unnecessary, technically risky, or better
   expressed another way for Replit Agent?
   The request was clear. The important technical constraint was distinguishing
   a shadow on the clipped colored wedge from the existing resting elevation on
   the full category row, while matching the Bottom Box Groups shadow language.
   The correction keeps those layers separate and does not change the bar.

3. Is there any Replit-specific information, configuration, workflow guidance, or
   project detail ChatGPT should know to work more effectively with this project
   going forward?
   Keep the artifact workflow running before Playwright: the suite reuses the
   Replit proxy at http://localhost:80/pack-checklist and must not cold-start
   Vite. Chromium evidence is a regression safeguard, not an iPhone Safari
   pass. The final USER PASS remains Kevin's live iPhone Safari observation.