TRAILWEIGH — R0090 GS
Right-Edge Visual Correction — USER iPhone Evidence Included

STATUS: REPLIT PASS / READY FOR USER IPHONE TEST — NOT USER PASS

AUTHORITATIVE EVIDENCE
The attached R0090_USER_IPHONE_EVIDENCE image is real iPhone evidence from after R0089.
It outranks Chromium geometry and prior automated PASS results. R0089 was therefore treated
as not user-approved.

BRANCH / COMMIT / CHECKPOINT
Branch: main
Baseline before R0090 working-tree change: R0089 completed state
R0088 restoration remains the preserved Summary baseline.

CURRENT-STATE FINDINGS
FACTS
- The iPhone screenshot shows category weight units too close to the physical right edge,
  a partially clipped "29 Selected" Summary status, and a partially clipped rightmost
  AppBar identity icon.
- R0089 used one 24px checklist content inset. That was insufficient in the actual iPhone
  view despite Chromium reporting safe geometry.
- The AppBar's decorative icon group had no dedicated safe right gutter beyond the bar's
  8px outer right padding.
- R0088 Summary vertical restoration remains in the source and in regression checks:
  88.25px rendered height, 10px/12px vertical padding, unchanged tile and hierarchy.
- Category rows remain full-width and preserve their 64px minimum density and left wedge.

UNKNOWNS
- The exact iPhone CSS viewport and Safari rendering contribution cannot be reconstructed
  from a screenshot alone. No claim is made that R0090 changes Safari chrome or viewport
  behavior.

ROOT CAUSE
There was no independent AppBar right-safe inset, and the prior one-size 24px checklist
gutter was too shallow for real-device visual clearance. The category weight column needs
more room than general right-side controls because long values such as "1627.3 g" are the
most visually edge-sensitive content.

SMALLEST COHERENT FIX
R0090 uses coordinated content insets without changing the shell:
- General visible right-side checklist content: 34px.
- Category selected-weight column: 44px.
- AppBar identity icon group: 16px from the right edge.

These were chosen from the requested candidate ranges as the smallest tested values that
provide a clear visual separation at 402px, preserve all six header icons, retain unwrapped
weight values, and remain usable at 390px and 360px. No responsive override was needed:
the same values passed each requested narrow viewport.

EXACT CHANGES
1. Increased CHECKLIST_RIGHT_INSET from 24px to 34px. It governs Summary metrics,
   location names, collapsed quantities, expanded item controls, item/location photo
   controls, and long-list pager placement.
2. Added CATEGORY_WEIGHT_RIGHT_INSET = 44px and applied it only to category weight
   header grids. This gives weights an intentionally deeper visual gutter than general
   content while preserving their existing alignment and no-wrap behavior.
3. Added APPBAR_RIGHT_INSET = 16px and applied it to the fixed AppBar's right padding.
   The icon group keeps its icon order, sizes, zero inter-icon gap, and responsive flex
   distribution; it is simply no longer allowed to finish against the physical edge.
4. Adjusted only the Summary's existing interior chevron reserve from 38px to 28px,
   compensating for the Summary's additional 10px right gutter so the R0089 list-name
   flex budget remains unchanged. This does not change Summary height or vertical layout.
5. Added stable AppBar and Summary status test identifiers and a focused R0090 Playwright
   regression suite at 402x714, 402x754, 390x844, and 360x800.

FINAL EFFECTIVE INSETS
At 402px, 390px, and 360px:
- AppBar rightmost icon safe gutter: 16px.
- General right-side content gutter: 34px.
- Category selected-weight gutter: 44px.
- No platform-specific or Android-specific override is present.

AREAS DELIBERATELY UNCHANGED
- Full TrailWeigh shell width, max-width architecture, and viewport handling.
- AppBar height, icon sizes/order/style, hamburger, logo, title, and left-side layout.
- R0088 Summary height, vertical padding, tile size, fixed placement, and proportions.
- Category row height, title/subtitle typography, full-width background, and left wedge
  size/shape/icon/colour/position.
- Bottom Box Groups, Home hero, document/root scrolling, long-category bounded scrolling,
  drawers, swipes, reorder, Add Item, item/category accordions, data, auth, database,
  dependencies, workflows, publishing, and deployment.
- No future Category/Location lock, Photo mode, themes, wedge shadows, Android override,
  or Safari/PWA work was added.

TEST COMMANDS / RESULTS
1. pnpm exec playwright test tests/e2e/phase1b/r0090-right-edge.spec.ts
   --workers=1 --project=chromium --output=/tmp/r0090-right-edge-results
   Result: 4 passed, 0 failed (16.5s).

2. pnpm exec playwright test tests/e2e/phase1b/viewport-safe.spec.ts
   --workers=1 --project=chromium --output=/tmp/r0090-viewport-results
   Result: 13 passed, 0 failed (48.9s).

3. pnpm exec playwright test tests/e2e/phase1b/screen-efficiency.spec.ts
   --workers=1 --project=chromium --output=/tmp/r0090-summary-results
   Result: 3 passed, 0 failed (13.1s).

4. pnpm --filter @workspace/pack-checklist run typecheck
   Result: PASS.

Chromium checks establish code/layout safety only. Kevin's real iPhone Safari review remains
the final visual authority.

STANDING QUESTIONS FOR REPLIT
1. What did this task teach us?
   A content gutter that looks mathematically safe in Chromium can still be visually
   inadequate on a real iPhone. Edge-sensitive content must be separated into general,
   high-risk (weight), and AppBar classes rather than forcing one shared number.

2. Was anything unclear, unnecessary, risky, or better expressed another way?
   The prompt was actionable and the attached real-device screenshot made the failure
   clear. The only inherent unknown is the screenshot's exact CSS viewport; treating its
   visual clipping as authoritative, rather than reverse-engineering a viewport theory,
   was the safer approach.

3. What Replit/project detail helps future work?
   TrailWeigh's isolated package tests are reliable for this UI. Some broader configured
   workflows have unrelated legacy failures or may be stopped after test-server teardown;
   do not modify/restart them when the task explicitly forbids workflow changes. Verify
   mobile geometry with the focused suite and then ask for real-iPhone confirmation.