TRAILWEIGH — R0099 GS REPORT
RESTORE BOTTOM BOX GROUPS LOOPING BEHAVIOR ONLY

Agent mode used: POWER
Final status: REPLIT PASS / READY FOR USER IPHONE TEST
USER live-device evidence remains authoritative over Chromium and browser-review
results.

SCOPE
R0099 restores cyclic Bottom Box Group navigation only. It preserves the R0097
safe-area-aware shell and R0098's 1px Home/List wedge rhythm.

FACTS
- Active route inspected: /mobile-functional-v3.
- The Bottom Box Groups contain four state indices: 0, 1, 2, and 3.
- Group 1 (index 0) deliberately has no visible Back chevron in the existing
  five-box design. Its existing reverse navigation path is a rightward swipe.
- The fixed mobile shell remains AppBar, List Summary, Filter, main-scroll, and
  Bottom Box Groups.

ROOT CAUSE OF THE LOOP REGRESSION
The prior terminal logic clamped reverse chevron navigation at index 0 and
clamped swipe navigation at both endpoints. Forward chevron navigation still
wrapped, creating inconsistent control behavior and a reverse-direction dead end.

LAST KNOWN-GOOD BEHAVIOR FOUND
Source history established that forward navigation had already been intended to
wrap from Group 4 to Group 1. R0099 restores the corresponding cyclic behavior
in both directions without altering the existing bar composition: index 0 reverse
wraps to index 3, and index 3 forward wraps to index 0.

EXACT LOGIC RESTORED
- Back navigation uses modulo arithmetic across the four existing groups.
- Next navigation continues to use modulo arithmetic across the same groups.
- Forward swipe release advances modulo four.
- Reverse swipe release decrements modulo four.
- Short or cancelled swipes still settle back to the current group.

BEHAVIOR VERIFIED
- Forward sequence: 0 → 1 → 2 → 3 → 0.
- Reverse sequence: 0 → 3 → 2 → 1 → 0. The first reverse action is the existing
  rightward swipe because Group 1 has no Back chevron by design.
- Three complete forward cycles and three complete reverse cycles complete with
  no stuck state, duplicate jump, or index drift.
- Existing applicable interactions verified: Next chevron/tap, Back chevron/tap
  where displayed, Enter keyboard activation on an existing Back chevron, and
  forward/reverse swipe releases.
- The loop also works from Home without changing its shell behavior.

PRESERVATION
- R0097 shell preserved: YES.
- R0098 wedge spacing preserved: YES — rendered category wedge gap remains 1px.
- Bottom bar design, height, locked position, icons, labels, spacing, group order,
  safe-area handling, AppBar, Summary, Filter, main-scroll ownership, Home scroll
  model, data, schema, auth, dependencies, and deployment were deliberately
  unchanged.
- No wedge shadows were added.

TEST RESULTS
1. pnpm exec playwright test tests/e2e/phase1b/r0099-bottom-group-loop.spec.ts --workers=1 --project=chromium
   PASS — 5/5.
2. pnpm exec playwright test tests/e2e/phase1b/r0097-appbar-safe-area.spec.ts tests/e2e/phase1b/r0098-wedge-spacing.spec.ts --workers=1 --project=chromium
   PASS — 11/11.
3. pnpm --filter @workspace/pack-checklist run typecheck
   PASS.
4. git diff --check
   PASS.
5. Standard Replit preview at 402×714
   PASS — AppBar, Summary, Filter, categories, and locked Bottom Box Groups
   visibly render without horizontal overflow.

THREE STANDING REPLIT QUESTIONS
1. What did you learn from this task about the current TrailWeigh code/state that
   would help ChatGPT make future prompts more accurate or efficient?
   The group state has four indices, but the visual bar is intentionally limited
   to five boxes. Index 0 has no Back chevron, so reverse wrap must be verified
   through the existing swipe path before Back chevrons continue the reverse loop.
2. Was anything in this prompt unclear, unnecessary, technically risky, or better
   expressed another way for Replit Agent?
   “Reverse/back navigation” should explicitly state that Group 1 exposes no Back
   chevron. The requested behavior remains clear when the existing swipe control
   is named as the Group 1 reverse path.
3. Is there any Replit-specific information, configuration, workflow guidance, or
   project detail ChatGPT should know to work more effectively with this project
   going forward?
   Keep the artifact workflow running before Playwright: the suite reuses the
   Replit proxy at http://localhost:80/pack-checklist and must not cold-start
   Vite. Chromium evidence is a regression safeguard, not an iPhone Safari pass.